>> Bianca Gandolfo: What's your example?
>> off screen male: We made a yurt.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: A yurt, nice.
>> off screen male: So I took one
function, which is the number of ribs,
which are poles, I guess.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: [CROSSTALK] Reduce.
>> off screen male: That's about it,
we have a website, MyYurt.io.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: [LAUGH]
>> off screen female: Patent pending.
>> off screen male: Patent pending.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Wow, I like it.
So here's our yurt, and
what does our yurt take?
It takes ribs.
Like this?
Like barbeque?
Mm.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: All right, great.
So here we are.
We have our constructor function.
We're using the keyword this.
That's where we define our properties,
everything else is just magic.
We have biancasHouse, cuz I want to
live in a Yurt when I grow up, for sure.
New Yurt, and
then how many ribs on estimate, 50?
>> off screen female: You said 16,
but you can have 15.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: I'll have
50 ribs because why not.
Wow, that's a big yurt.
>> off screen male: It's a full rack.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Mm-hm.
>> off screen female: [LAUGH]
She's going to meet you.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: I'm hungry.
All right,
so now I have a yurt,
it has lots of ribs, barbecue ribs.
I am from the South, originally, so
I can get behind some ribs in my yurt.
We'll say that's a good
combination of my Southern and
my Berkeley just like, all together.
We also wanna have some
things on our yurt, right?
Some things that our yurt can do.
What can our yurt do?
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> off screen female: Our yurt can count
the ribs.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Count ribs?
>> off screen female: Yeah,
we should've made it do something cool.
[LAUGH]
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
if you have more than ten ribs,
we're definitely gonna console.log.
Yum, hello, absolutely, uh-oh.
Also please feel free to
correct my live coding,
because sometimes in the moment, just
kind of, it just falls out of my brain.
So here we are.
So our main components here, that we don't
want to forget, we have our constructor
function, we have our key word this,
that's where we define our properties.
We have our methods.
And again, your going to have
lots of properties, lots of
methods on your data structures and
the operations for them.
We have a function here.
Key word this here, in this function, is
gonna be referring to the instance, yeah?
That's kind of confusing sometimes,
.countRibs, right?
It's gonna say, well this was
always gonna say young, right?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: But
the keyword this, it's like our pronoun.
It's gonna be the instance.
That's not always true.
There are a few different rules for
the keyword this, but that's the one
that we're gonna follow today.
Awesome, any questions?
Yes.
>> off screen male: Steven,
he has a request that you'll also
show the ES6 or ES2015 syntax.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: I don't know it.
Sorry, I'm not an ES2015 kinda girl yet,
there's still time.
However, I haven't gotten there.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Do you have
equa script 2015 class, Mark?
>> off screen male: Everybody
still calls it ES6, but
yeah we do-
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah,
I'm trying to get in with the-
>> off screen male: Yeah, we do.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Okay.
>> off screen male: Aaron Frost.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, so for those of
you who are totally into the ES6 thing,
Aaron Frost's class,
you should check it out.